Now let's finish this CanActivate behavior by allowing the user to login. I'll quickly do this by going
to my home component
and there I want to add two new buttons, one login button and one logout button and I will add some
CSS classes,
btn-default maybe and btn btn-default here too
and here I want to execute onLogout and for the other one of course, I will execute onLogin and I
will keep this really simple since it's not about having a nice UI here, I will simply inject my auth
service here of type auth service of course,
make sure to add the import at the top and then I'll add my two methods here,
so onLogin will simply reach out to the auth service and call the login method to set this loggedIn
boolean to true
and onLogout will of course do the same but will call the logout method to set it to false.
And this simple improvement now makes sure that we can of course login,
we don't see any visual indication here but we do see it if we try to access a single server.
Now this is working, always after this 800 milliseconds which it takes to evaluate whether we are allowed
to access
but if I switch this back to logout again, you see we're redirected again.
So now we can control this,
now we finish this fake auth service and more importantly, the
CanActivate guards.